README.md, before:

# Experimental Analysis of Rumour Systems

## Options

#### &#9745; Managing Online Rumours During Offline Protest

- Context: information shared during protests.
- Data: tweets from previous protests that later turned out to be True or False (e.g. notifications of violence/police crackdowns/counter protests)
- Intervention(s):
  - &#9744; Salience content intervention  (Be aware that not everything online is true.)
  - &#9744; Contrastive content warning (others disagree with this statement)
  - &#9745; Birdwatch warning (see: [birdwatch homepage](https://twitter.github.io/birdwatch/)) 
  
#### &#9744; Experimental Analysis of Crowdsourced Rumour Verifications

- Context: Evaluating the efficacy of Twitter's birdwatch program, relative to traditional top-down forms of content interventions.
- Data: Tweets flagged in Twitter's pilot birdwatch program.
  - Use the meta-data from the flags as the evidence level for the original proposition.
- Intervention(s):
  - &#9744; Salience content intervention  (Be aware that not everything online is true.)
  - &#9744; Contrastive content warning (others disagree with this statement)
  - &#9744; Birdwatch warning (see: [birdwatch homepage](https://twitter.github.io/birdwatch/))

## Branches

- `/main`: information regarding the project
- [`/website`](https://github.com/cameron-raymond/SDS-Thesis/tree/website): the study website
- [`/analysis`](https://github.com/cameron-raymond/SDS-Thesis/tree/analysis): code used to study the results of the experiment

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.

This research is being conducted by Cameron Raymond, an MSc student at the University of Oxford, under the supervision of Dr. Peaks Krafft and Dr. Joss Wright, faculty members at the the University of the Arts London and the University of Oxford respectively - and in collaboration with Dr. Emma Spiro a faculty member at the University of Washington.

If you have any questions about this research, do not hesitate to contact Cameron Raymond at [cameron.raymond@oii.ox.ac.uk](mailto:cameron.raymond@oii.ox.ac.uk).

Commit message:

added rumours to readme; updated gitignore

README.md, after:

# Experimental Analysis of Rumour Systems

## Options

#### &#9745; Managing Online Rumours During Offline Protest

- Context: information shared during protests.
- Data: tweets from previous protests that later turned out to be True or False (e.g. notifications of violence/police crackdowns/counter protests)
- Rumours: Two rumours, one that is more plausible than the other. Derived from fact-checking news sites after the fact.
  - [Were Portland Protesters ‘Kidnapped’ by Federal Officers in Unmarked Vans?](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/feds-unmarked-vans-portland/)
    - Twitter Threads / articles: [thread](https://twitter.com/matcha_chai/status/1283328232033411072), [denying rumour](https://twitter.com/honeybearius/status/1283951101486731264), [denying rumour](https://twitter.com/BootsyMagnums/status/1284014453621772288), [affirming rumour](https://twitter.com/bitsandsnatches/status/1283520381249191936)
  - [Minnesota law enforcement isn’t “contact tracing” protesters, despite an official’s comment](https://www.vox.com/recode/2020/6/1/21277393/minnesota-protesters-contact-tracing-covid-19)
    - Twitter Threads/ articles: [thread](https://twitter.com/mikarv/status/1266855229557014531), [article](https://www.verdict.co.uk/brittany-kaiser-contact-tracing-police/)), [article](https://www.coindesk.com/minnesota-official-alarms-privacy-advocates-with-contact-tracing-comments)
- Intervention(s):
  - &#9744; Salience content intervention  (Be aware that not everything online is true.)
  - &#9745; Contrastive content warning (others disagree with this statement)
  - &#9745; Birdwatch warning (see: [birdwatch homepage](https://twitter.github.io/birdwatch/)) 
  
#### &#9744; Experimental Analysis of Crowdsourced Rumour Verifications

- Context: Evaluating the efficacy of Twitter's birdwatch program, relative to traditional top-down forms of content interventions.
- Data: Tweets flagged in Twitter's pilot birdwatch program.
  - Use the meta-data from the flags as the evidence level for the original proposition.
- Intervention(s):
  - &#9744; Salience content intervention  (Be aware that not everything online is true.)
  - &#9744; Contrastive content warning (others disagree with this statement)
  - &#9744; Birdwatch warning (see: [birdwatch homepage](https://twitter.github.io/birdwatch/))

## Branches

- `/main`: information regarding the project
- [`/website`](https://github.com/cameron-raymond/SDS-Thesis/tree/website): the study website
- [`/analysis`](https://github.com/cameron-raymond/SDS-Thesis/tree/analysis): code used to study the results of the experiment

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.

This research is being conducted by Cameron Raymond, an MSc student at the University of Oxford, under the supervision of Dr. Peaks Krafft and Dr. Joss Wright, faculty members at the the University of the Arts London and the University of Oxford respectively - and in collaboration with Dr. Emma Spiro a faculty member at the University of Washington.

If you have any questions about this research, do not hesitate to contact Cameron Raymond at [cameron.raymond@oii.ox.ac.uk](mailto:cameron.raymond@oii.ox.ac.uk).
